Just sign the contract with you
Yoyo is a live star.
His ability to carry goods is nowhere near as talented and beautiful
And I heard that your brother
And we're getting ready to hit New Drug Media.
To suppress your current Xinhui Entertainment
If he signs the talented and beautiful
What you say is vulgar
how
You think I'm going to lose?
Exactly.
I have carefully compared the live streaming data of the two live streaming hosts.
With the ability of Yoyo Sauce
It's impossible to match the talent and beauty
And now major live broadcast platforms
They are spending a lot of money to sign talented and beautiful people
I am the head of the company's business
Have the right to intervene in this matter
As expected of the richest girl in the future
It's a pity that the talented and beautiful are very
It will soon be because it is not enough to mock netizens.
Trying so hard to afford his goods, the mine exploded and was investigated
Trigger a regulatory ban
The Yoyo Award is for treating people with sincerity
Gained a large number of fans
Jump to the top of the live stream
Zhou Ziyu, don't forget that I'm the boss now
You should have followed my instructions
I need an explanation
How about this?
Let's make a bet
What do you want to bet on?
Within one month
Talented and beautiful people, if you don't sign up
I voluntarily resigned as chairperson
What? No longer in charge of the company?
Ok if I lose
I would like to be your personal secretary
That's the countdown to what you said.
Don't you regret it